Chocoholics Anonymous is a program that offers subscribing members unlimited access to various chocolate addiction 
therapies. The software solution provided to Chocoholics Anonymous provides a wide variety of functionality to assist 
in most of the day-to-day operations for providers, members, and data center operators. Our team consists of 6 
members, and we will create this program using Java in a 14 week timeframe. Providers can access the software to 
record patient visits, validate member status, and bill Chocoholics Anonymous for expenses incurred during a visit. 
To maintain separate provider accounts, the software allows providers to log on using their provider number, which is
validated by the software. We also assumed such functionality would be required for Chocoholics Anonymous database 
operators as well as the Chocoholics Anonymous managers. Hence, we created Chocoholics Anonymous worker validation 
use cases where any worker is validated. This determines their permissions inside the Chocoholics Anonymous Data 
Processing Software. Along with this concept, we made the assumption on how to handle invalid logins for Chocoholics 
Anonymous workers. This is included as an extension under the Chocoholics Anonymous Worker Validation use case. The 
software also provides functionality for data center operators to edit the membership list and provider list. 
Specifically, they can add, remove, and update information for these individuals. Additionally, managers can request 
and receive reports about data at any time. We included a Timer actor to be the actor in all cases where the reports 
are auto-generated, specifically with the Run Main Accounting Procedure use case. This timer goes off every Friday 
at midnight and all the reports for that week are generated and saved. The use case descriptions, diagram, and 
glossary were assembled via divide and conquer–each team member compiled all use case descriptions and glossary terms 
related to a particular topic. Together, we merged and condensed all of these terms and diagrams into a master 
glossary and team use case diagram. The diagram was revised multiple times as we discussed and uncovered the 
intricacies of making use case diagrams. Through multiple revisions and communications with the TA, we created a 
final diagram where then the use case descriptions were based off of. For the glossary, once we merged all the terms, 
we then went back and revised the list, making sure to include any forgotten terms. The use case diagram was created 
with access control in mind. We wanted to ensure that different actors were only able to complete tasks that fit 
their roles. In order to accomplish this, we included many validation use cases. Overall, we believe the use case 
diagram and descriptions presented below not only provide a complete solution for the requirements laid out by the 
customer, but also the additional functionality that the customer needs for ease of access and security.