Accounts Payable - The amount of money that ChocAn has to pay their providers for the services they provided.
Accounts Payable Report - A report that displays all accounts payable information including every provider to be paid that week, the number of consultations each had, and his or her total fee for that week. It also includes the total number of providers who provided services that week, the total number of consultations that week, and the total amount of fees to be paid that week.
ChocAn Data Center - The main data center that holds and manipulates all of ChocAn's data. Responsible for all automated report generation.
ChocAn Data Center Operator - An employee of ChocAn that specifically has access to the Data Center capabilities of adding, removing, and editing both member and provider records.
Consultation - a meeting with a provider in order to seek help with health care professionals
Consultation Fee - the amount of money that is totaled for the week that the customer consulted with the health care professionals
Customer Report - A report that includes a list of all services provided to the customer for that week, sorted by the date of service. It also includes Member Name, Member Number, Member Street Address, Member City, Member State, Member Zip Code, and for each service provided it includes date of service, provider name, and service name.
Daytime Interactive Mode - A feature to be included with the software at ChocAn Data Center. During daytime hours, the software will be open for operators to interact with in order to make changes to member and provider records including adding, removing, and updating records. These capabilities would then not be allowed to the Data Center Operators during night time hours.
EFT Data - The electronic funds transfer data provides the information to ChocAn which provider to pay and how much.
EFT Data Report - A report that displays the EFT data.
Generate Provider Directory - ChocAn Data Center creates a provider directory so the providers can find the appropriate number according to the service that is being billed.
Main Accounting Report - A report that contains the week's file of services provided and the amount of money to be transferred.
Manager - An employee of ChocAn that has access to all reports and can pull them at any time.
Member - A customer of the ChocAn services.
Member City - The city in which a member lists as their location on their information form.
Member Name - The name in which a member lists as their name on their information form.
Member Number - A nine-digit code stored on a member card that tracks services received.
Member Record - A data record of information on a given member that may be found stored in the ChocAn Data Center. May include name, time as a member, member number, etc.
Member Status - Tracks a member's dues payments. "Suspended" if dues have not been paid in over a month, "Active" otherwise.
Member State - The state in which a member lists as their location on their information form.
Member Street Address - The address in which a member lists as their location on their information form.
Member ZIP Code - The ZIP Code in which a member lists as their location on their information form.
Membership Card - A card is given to all members which has a magnetic strip that stores the member's member number. The card is swiped before each time a service is received.
Member Validation - When a member's card is swiped, their member number is validated against the database. If the number is not in the database, returns "Invalid number." If the member has been suspended (see Member Status), returns "Member suspended."
ChocAn Worker Validation - The process by which users (either providers or operators) log in to the ChocAn data system
Provider -A health care professional who provides services to ChocAn members.
Provider Directory - Lists the service names in alphabetical order with the corresponding service codes and fees
Provider number: A number in the ChocAn Data Center that corresponds with a specific provider of healthcare services at ChocAn
Provider Record - A data record of information on a given provider that may be found stored in the ChocAn Data Center. May include name, occupation, provider number, etc.
Provider Summary - A summary of all services provided by the ChocAn provider for that week.
Provider Summary Report - A report that contains the provider summary and includes a list of services the provider has provided that week. It include information the provider entered on their form in the order in which the computer received the inputs. At the end of the report there is a summary with the total number of consultations for that providers and the total fee for that week.
Request Provider Directory - The Provider requests the directory to look up the number of the service that was provided.
Service Code - A 6 digit number that the provider uses to bill the customer for the service that was provided.